.\" Manpage for JENS-CLI.
.\" Contact EDGE-Computing@telekom.de to correct errors or typos.
.TH JENS-CLI(1) "17 March 2022" "1.0" "jens-cli man page"


.SH NAME
drplay 

.SH PACKAGE
Part of JENS-CLI.

.SH SYNOPSIS
drplay [\fIoptions\fP]


.SH DESCRIPTION
The JENS-CLI contains a data rate player i.e. drplay. 
Measures of the used l4s queue are collected.
The Measures can be simultaneous written to a psql-database, a csv-file and stdout.
For realtime visualization drshow can be used.
Additional Options are located in /etc/jens-cli/config.toml

.SH OPTIONS
  -dev \fIstring\fP
        nic to play data rate pattern on, default 'lo' (default "lo")
  -pattern \fIstring\fP
        csv file for drp (seperator enter, values in kbits, for network stability reasons values are limited a minimum) (default csv:"/etc/jens-cli/drp_3valleys.csv"; default minimum: 500)
  -freq \fIint\fP
        number of samples per second to play [1 ... 100], default 10 (default 10)
  -scale \fIfloat\fP
        defines a scale factor which will be multiplied on the datarate of the drp musst be greater 0.1
  -loop
        defines if measure should run in an endless loop, default false
  -csv
        csv file for data rate pattern (seperator enter, values in kbits)
  -psql
        output measure records to configured postgresql db
  -tag \fIstring\fP
        tag or human readable name of this measure session. Used in db and csv.
  -nomeasure
        only run data rate pattern on nic, no measures of the l4s queue state are fetched
.SH FILES
     /etc/jens-cli/config.toml
          Config file with defaults for each DrPlay-Session.
     /etc/jens-cli/drp_*.csv
          Various default DataRatePatterns
     /etc/jens-cli/logs/DrPlay.log
          Log file

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH NOTES
Contact EDGE-Computing@telekom.de in case of errors or typos.

.SH AUTHOR
EDGE-Computing (EDGE-Computing@telekom.de)

.SH SEE ALSO
.Xr drshow(1)