.Dd 5/16/2022
.Dt jens-cli/drshow
.Nm drshow
.\" Manpage for JENS-CLI.
.\" Contact EDGE-Computing@telekom.de to correct errors or typos.
.TH drshow 1 "5/16/2022" "" "jens-cli/drshow's User Manual"

.SH NAME
drshow \- Commandline visualizer for drplay

.SH PACKAGE
Part of JENS-CLI.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.Op 
.Op pattern_path 
.Op -p pattern_path 


.SH DESCRIPTION
The JENS-CLI contains a data rate player i.e. drplay and a visualization program. 
drshow is used to visualize all necessary metrics from drplay.
Additional Options are located in /etc/jens-cli/config.toml
.SH OPTIONS

.Pp
.Bl -tag -width -indent 
.It [help] [h] [--help] [-h]
Show a detailed helpsection.
.It []
If used in pipeMode, the outptus of drplay need to be piped in i.e. 'drplay [opts] | dprshow'.
.It [-p pattern_folder] || [pattern_folder]
If the option -p or positional argument 1 is a path to a folder containing .csv files, these are displayed as DataRatePatterns.
.It [-p pattern_path] || [pattern_path]
If the option -p or positional argument 1 is a path to a .csv file, is is displayed as a DataRatePattern.
.El

.SH FILES
     /etc/jens-cli/config.toml
          Config file with defaults for each DrPlay-Session.
     /etc/jens-cli/logs/DrShow.log
          Log file


.SH BUGS
Drshow makes use of the 8 bit color pallet (i.e 256 colors). This means the coloring in some terminals, such as tmux, might not be accurate.

When in Pipemode Ctrl+C has to be pressed twice.

.SH NOTES
Contact EDGE-Computing@telekom.de in case of errors or typos.

.SH AUTHOR
EDGE-Computing (EDGE-Computing@telekom.de)
.SH SEE ALSO
.Xr drplay(1)